welcome to the Iowa convention Wizard
World extravaganza
so Anderson and Dennis said that they
were gonna come and pick me up at 8:30
a.m.
so I set my alarm for 7:00 and I woke up
at 8:20 so I threw some clothes on
luckily everything is packed but joke's
on me they're running late so it's about
9:10 9:15 and they're still not here so
this begins in the most exciting way
possible everyone's late my chariot
arrives oh my god the beard is gone did
you donate the hair to cancer patients
guys it's happening yeah you get beauty
we're in IR we just got to a casino it's
called Rhythm City casino gaze upon it
it looks so colorful so yellow and blue
and there's like a little tower there
that you can climb so I'm bringing four
hundred and fifty five dollars in the
casino I'm gonna play roulette do what's
called the doubling strategy look it up
on Google kids if you don't know what it
is how much money is in this car I don't
know three thousand dollars
what three thousand
oh I just miss it he was chased by two
birds
he went to go lock his car we're in the
money
even the money our couch so we just
played some roulette I'm nineteen
dollars up I'm 31
let's go see who's gonna go out of
business
our bad just got out of the casino and
so we kind of want to go up there and
save some people just kidding okay here
we go
he's just Christo all right oh here we
go whoo whoo it's just us so romantic
all free we do affect oh why did I did
what I wanted to do shoot you manage to
go up there and pose
so we're about six minutes away from the
other casino we're at the Isle of Capri
let's be gentle with this casino let's
not take too much money
where is the money we're in the money
so we're back on the road trying to have
a little mini band practice
DeeDee
fancy too long ensign you ring me baby
you baby yeah yeah yeah
ApS is in the who's oh look over there I
see a move
we made it into the quality and in
Suites Anderson thank you for driving
you're awesome our new home
we're home well it's cold in here
it is so cold my nipples are instantly
hard uh-oh
three men two beds I got I got whatever
bed Dennis is staying in I shaved just
for you hopefully hopefully just your
face we put that mirror on the ceiling
yeah we're gonna relax a little bit and
then we're gonna go see Jurassic world
Sam to go what do you do I just heard
I'm just sitting like I just want to lay
on you let you know I have to go or else
we're gonna be late for the movies yay
wet south which cinemas all right I got
my um peanut M&Ms and sour patch kids
hey you just finished the movie we've
had a long day especially this guy this
bed right here you've driven so many
hours hey I did not enjoy this movie
that much how much
maybe it's because I'm so tired burn the
halfway mark I was like fighting asleep
and I was just like I don't care anymore
I could connect with the characters as
much even Chris Pratt I think he was
more eye candy than anything there was
parts I did like but overall I was
disappointed me and Dennis didn't really
care for Anderson who was asleep for
most of the movie like that we're gonna
go to Walmart and get some things for
ourselves and then we're gonna all sleep
together yeah yeah where I needs
jim-jams
Oh Jim you think I should get something
for Comicon to wear oh sweet I need to
work out I don't need to work out just
seem to wear a shirt that makes it look
like you've been working out ya know ya
feel it feel it you too nice right poor
poor little guy
I put the yellow pages book in one of
his pillows there's enough we got back
from Walmart
I got a Superman shirt in some TV
dinners I got a movie yeah yeah we got
war games with a really cool slipcover
very cheap I'm gonna be sleeping on this
and this guys are gonna do it the bed
I'll see in the next video
unday - good night